DOGS


LADY (to tramp who had been commissioned to find her lost poodle)--"The
poor little darling, where did you find him?"

TRAMP--"Oh, a man 'ad 'im, miss, tied to a pole, and was cleaning the
windows wiv 'im!"


A family moved from the city to a suburban locality and were told that
they should get a watchdog to guard the premises at night. So they
bought the largest dog that was for sale in the kennels of a neighboring
dog fancier, who was a German. Shortly afterward the house was entered
by burglars who made a good haul, while the big dog slept. The man went
to the dog fancier and told him about it.

"Veil, vat you need now," said the dog merchant, "is a leedle dog to
vake up the big dog."


  "Dogs is mighty useful beasts
    They might seem bad at first
  They might seem worser right along
    But when they're dead
          They're wurst."

  --_Ellis Parker Butler_.


"My dog took first prize at the cat show."

"How was that?"

"He took the cat."--_Judge_.


FAIR VISITOR--"Why are you giving Fido's teeth such a thorough
brushing?"

FOND MISTRESS--"Oh! The poor darling's just bitten some horrid person,
and, really, you know, one can't be too careful."--_Life_.


"Do you know that that bulldog of yours killed my wife's little
harmless, affectionate poodle?"

"Well, what are you going to do about it?"

"Would you be offended if I was to present him with a nice brass
collar?"


  Fleshy Miss Muffet
  Sat down on Tuffet,
    A very good dog in his way;
  When she saw what she'd done,
  She started to run--
    And Tuffet was buried next day.

  --_L.T.H_.


William J. Stevens, for several years local station agent at Swansea, R.
I., was peacefully promenading his platform one morning when a rash dog
ventured to snap at one of William's plump legs. Stevens promptly kicked
the animal halfway across the tracks, and was immediately confronted by
the owner, who demanded an explanation in language more forcible than
courteous.

"Why," said Stevens when the other paused for breath, "your dog's mad."

"Mad! Mad! You double-dyed blankety-blank fool, he ain't mad!"

"Oh, ain't he?" cut in Stevens. "Gosh! I should be if any one kicked me
like that!"


One would have it that a collie is the most sagacious of dogs, while the
other stood up for the setter.

"I once owned a setter," declared the latter, "which was very
intelligent. I had him on the street one day, and he acted so queerly
about a certain man we met that I asked the man his name, and--"

"Oh, that's an old story!" the collie's advocate broke in sneeringly.
"The man's name was Partridge, of course, and because of that the dog
came to a set. Ho, ho! Come again!"

"You're mistaken," rejoined the other suavely. "The dog didn't come
quite to a set, though almost. As a matter of fact, the man's name was
Quayle, and the dog hesitated on account of the spelling!"--_P. R.
Benson_.


The more one sees of men the more one likes dogs.


_See also_ Dachshunds.



