LAWYERS


Ignorance of the law does not prevent the losing lawyer from collecting
his bill.--_Puck_.


George Ade had finished his speech at a recent dinner-party, and on
seating himself a well-known lawyer rose, shoved his hands deep into his
trousers' pockets, as was his habit and laughingly inquired of those
present:

"Doesn't it strike the company as a little unusual that a professional
humorist should be funny?"

When the laugh had subsided, Ade drawled out:

"Doesn't it strike the company as a little unusual that a lawyer should
have his hands in his own pockets?"


A man was charged with stealing a horse, and after a long trial the jury
acquitted him. Later in the day the man came back and asked the judge
for a warrant against the lawyer who had successfully defended him.

"What's the charge?" inquired the judge.

"Why, Your Honor," replied the man, "you see, I didn't have the money to
pay him his fee, so he took the horse I stole."--_J.J. O'Connell_.


An elderly darky in Georgia, charged with the theft of some chickens,
had the misfortune to be defended by a young and inexperienced attorney,
although it is doubtful whether anyone could have secured his acquittal,
the commission of the crime having been proved beyond all doubt.

The darky received a pretty severe sentence. "Thank you, sah," said he
cheerfully, addressing the judge when the sentence had been pronounced.
"Dat's mighty hard, sah, but it ain't anywhere what I 'spected. I
thought, sah, dat between my character and dat speech of my lawyer dat
you'd hang me, shore!"


"You have a pretty tough looking lot of customers to dispose of this
morning, haven't you?" remarked the friend of a magistrate, who had
dropped in at the police court.

"Huh!" rejoined the dispenser of justice, "you are looking at the wrong
bunch. Those are the lawyers."


"Did youse git anyt'ing?" whispered the burglar on guard as his pal
emerged from the window.

"Naw, de bloke wot lives here is a lawyer," replied the other in
disgust.

"Dat's hard luck," said the first; "did youse lose anyt'ing?"


The dean of the Law Department was very busy and rather cross. The
telephone rang.

"Well, what is it?" he snapped.

"Is that the city gas-works?" said a woman's soft voice.

"No, madam," roared the dean; "this is the University Law Department."

"Ah," she answered in the sweetest of tones, "I didn't miss it so far,
after all, did I?"--_Carl Holliday_.


A lawyer cross-examining a witness, asked him where he was on a
particular day; to which he replied that he had been in the company of
two friends. "Friends.'" exclaimed his tormentor; "two thieves, I
suppose." "They may be so," replied the witness, dryly, "for they are
both lawyers."


An impecunious young lawyer recently received the following letter from
a tailor to whom he was indebted:

    "Dear Sir: Kindly advise me by return mail when I may expect a
    remittance from you in settlement of my account.

    Yours truly,

    J. SNIPPEN."

The follower of Blackstone immediately replied:

    "Dear Sir: I have your request for advice of a recent date,
    and beg leave to say that not having received any retainer
    from you I cannot act in the premises. Upon receipt of your
    check for $250 I shall be very glad to look the matter up for
    you and to acquaint you with the results of my investigations.

    I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

    BARCLAY B. COKE."


A prisoner was brought before the bar in the criminal court, but was not
represented by a lawyer.

"Where is your lawyer?" asked the judge who presided.

"I have none, sir," replied the prisoner.

"Why not?" queried the judge.

"Because I have no money to pay one."

"Do you want a lawyer?" asked the judge.

"Yes, sir."

"Well, there are Mr. Thomas W. Wilson, Mr. Henry Eddy, and Mr. George
Rogers," said the judge, pointing to several young attorneys who were
sitting in the room, waiting for something to turn up, "and Mr. Allen is
out in the hall."

The prisoner looked at the attorneys, and, after a critical survey, he
turned to the judge and said:

"If I can take my choice, sir, I guess I'll take Mr. Allen."--_A.S.
Hitchcock_.


"What is that little boy crying about?" asked the benevolent old lady of
the ragged boy.

"Dat other kid swiped his candy," was the response.

"But how is it that you have the candy now?"

"Sure I got de candy now. I'm de little kid's lawyer."


A man walking along the street of a village stepped into a hole in the
sidewalk and broke his leg. He engaged a famous lawyer, brought suit
against the village for one thousand dollars and won the case. The city
appealed to the Supreme Court, but again the great lawyer won.

After the claim was settled the lawyer sent for his client and handed
him one dollar.

"What's this?" asked the man.

"That's your damages, after taking out my fee, the cost of appeal and
other expenses," replied the counsel.

The man looked at the dollar, turned it over and carefully scanned the
other side. Then looked up at the lawyer and said: "What's the matter
with this dollar? Is it counterfeit?"


Deceive not thy Physician, Confessor nor Lawyer.


  A Sergeant of the Lawe, war and wys
  Ther was also, ful riche of excellence.
  Discreet he was, and of greet reverence:
  He seemed swich, his wordes weren so wyse.
                   * * *
  No-wher so bisy a man as he ther nas,
  And yet he seemed bisier than he was.

  --_Chaucer_.



