LIBRARIANS


A country newspaper printed the following announcement: "The Public
Library will close for two weeks, beginning August 3, for the annual
cleaning and vacation of the librarians."


The modern librarian is a genius. All the proof needed is the statement
that the requests for books with queer titles are filled with ones
really wanted. The following are instances:

    AS ASKED FOR                   CORRECT TITLE

    _Indecent Orders               In Deacon's Orders
    She Combeth Not Her Head       She Cometh Not, She Said
    Trial of a Servant             Trail of the Serpent
    Essays of a Liar               Essays of Elia
    Soap and Tables                Æsop's Fables
    Pocketbook's Hill              Puck of Pook's Hill
    Dentist's Infirmary            Dante's Inferno
    Holy Smoke                     Divine Fire_


One librarian has the following entries in a card catalog:

  Lead Poisoning
  Do, Kindly Light.


A distinguished librarian is a good follower of Chesterton. He says: "To
my way of thinking, a great librarian must have a clear head, a strong
hand and, above all, a great heart. Such shall be greatest among
librarians; and when I look into the future, I am inclined to think that
most of the men who will achieve this greatness will be women."


Many catalogers append notes to the main entries of their catalogs. Here
are two:

  _An Ideal Husband_:
    Essentially a work of fiction,
     and presumably written by a
     woman (unmarried).

  _Aspects of Home Rule_:
    Political, not domestic.


In a branch library a reader asked for _The Girl He Married_ (by James
Grant.) This happened to be out, and the assistant was requested to
select a similar book. Presumably he was a benedict, for he returned
triumphantly with _His Better Half_ (by George Griffith).


"Have you _A Joy Forever_?" inquired a lady borrower.

"No," replied the assistant librarian after referring to the
stock. "Dear me, how tiresome," said the lady; "have you Praed?" "Yes,
madam, but it isn't any good," was the prompt reply.



