PROPOSALS


A love-smitten youth who was studying the approved method of proposal
asked one of his bachelor friends if he thought that a young man should
propose to a girl on his knees.

"If he doesn't," replied his friend, "the girl should get off."


A gentleman who had been in Chicago only three days, but who had been
paying attention to a prominent Chicago belle, wanted to propose, but
was afraid he would be thought too hasty. He delicately broached the
subject as follows: "If I were to speak to you of marriage, after having
only made your acquaintance three days ago, what would you say of it?"

"Well, I should say, never put off till tomorrow that which should have
been done the day before yesterday."


  There was a young man from the West,
  Who proposed to the girl he loved best,
   But so closely he pressed her
   To make her say, yes, sir,
  That he broke two cigars in his vest.

  --_The Tobacconist_.


They were dining on fowl in a restaurant. "You see," he explained, as he
showed her the wishbone, "you take hold here. Then we must both make a
wish and pull, and when it breaks the one who has the bigger part of it
will have his or her wish granted." "But I don't know what to wish for,"
she protested. "Oh! you can think of something," he said. "No, I can't,"
she replied; "I can't think of anything I want very much." "Well, I'll
wish for you," he explained. "Will you, really?" she asked. "Yes."
"Well, then there's no use fooling with the old wishbone," she
interrupted with a glad smile, "you can have me."


"Dear May," wrote the young man, "pardon me, but I'm getting so
forgetful. I proposed to you last night, but really forget whether you
said yes or no."

"Dear Will," she replied by note, "so glad to hear from you. I know I
said 'no' to some one last night, but I had forgotten just who it was."


The four Gerton girls were all good-looking; indeed, the three younger
ones were beautiful; while Annie, the oldest, easily made up in
capability and horse sense what she lacked in looks.

A young chap, very eligible, called on the girls frequently, but seemed
unable to decide which to marry. So Annie put on her thinking cap, and,
one evening when the young chap called, she appeared with her pretty
arms bare to the elbow and her hands white with flour.

"Oh, you must excuse my appearance," she said. "I have been working in
the kitchen all day. I baked bread and pies and cake this morning, and
afterward, as the cook was ill, I prepared dinner."

"Miss Annie, is that so?" said the young man. He looked at her, deeply
impressed. Then, after a moment's thought, he said:

"Miss Annie, there is a question I wish to ask you, and on your answer
will depend much of my life's happiness."

"Yes?" she said, with a blush, and she drew a little nearer. "Yes? What
is it?"

"Miss Annie," said the young man, in deep earnest tones, "I am thinking
of proposing to your sister Kate--will you make your home with us?"


It was at Christmas, and he had been calling on her twice a week for six
months, but had not proposed.

"Ethel," he said, "I--er--am going to ask you an important question."

"Oh, George," she exclaimed, "this is so sudden! Why, I--"

"No, excuse me," he interrupted; "what I want to ask is this: What date
have you and your mother decided upon for our wedding?"


A Scotch beadle led the maiden of his choice to a churchyard and,
pointing to the various headstones, said:

"My folks are all buried there, Jennie. Wad ye like to be buried there
too?"


IMPECUNIOUS LOVER--"Be mine, Amanda, and you will be treated like an
angel."

WEALTHY MAIDEN--"Yes, I suppose so. Nothing to eat, and less to wear.
No, thank you."


The surest way to hit a woman's heart is to take aim kneeling.--_Douglas
Jerrold_.



