WOMAN SUFFRAGE


WOMAN VOTER--"Now, I may as well be frank with you. I absolutely
refuse to vote the same ticket as that horrid Jones woman."


Kate Douglas Wiggin was asked recently how she stood on the vote for
women question. She replied she didn't "stand at all," and told a
story about a New England farmer's wife who had no very romantic ideas
about the opposite sex, and who, hurrying from churn to sink, from
sink to shed, and back to the kitchen stove, was asked if she wanted
to vote. "No, I certainly don't! I say if there's one little thing
that the men folks can do alone, for goodness sakes let 'em do it!"
she replied.


MR. E.N. QUIRE--"What are those women mauling that man for?"

MRS. HENBALLOT--"He insulted us by saying that the suffrage movement
destroyed our naturally timid sweetness and robbed us of all our
gentleness."


"Did you cast your vote, Aunty?"

"Oh, yes! Isn't it grand? A real nice gentleman with a beautiful
moustache and yellow spats marked my ballot for me. I know I should
have marked it myself, but it seemed to please him greatly."


"Does your wife want to vote?"

"No. She wants a larger town house, a villa on the sea coast and a new
limousine car every six months. I'd be pleased most to death if she
could fix her attention on a smaller matter like the vote."


"What you want, I suppose, is to vote, just like the men do."

"Certainly not," replied Mrs. Baring-Banners. "If we couldn't do any
better than that there would be no use of our voting."


"There's only one thing I can think of to head off this suffrage
movement," said the mere man.

"What is that?" asked his wife.

"Make the legal age for voting thirty-five instead of
twenty-one."--_Catholic Universe_.


MAMIE--"I believe in woman's rights."

GERTIE--"Then you think every woman should have a vote?"

MAMIE--"No; but I think every woman should have a voter."--_The
Woman's Journal_.


During the Presidential campaign the question of woman suffrage was
much discussed among women pro and con, and at an afternoon tea the
conversation turned that way between the women guests.

"Are you a woman suffragist?" asked the one who was most interested.

"Indeed, I am not," replied the other most emphatically.

"Oh, that's too bad, but just supposing you were, whom would you
support in the present campaign?"

"The same man I've always supported, of course," was the apt
reply--"my husband."


_See also_ Suffragettes.



