              *       *       *

The teacher had explained to the class that the Indian women are called
squaws. Then she asked what name was given to the children?

"Porpoises," came one eager answer.

But a little girl whose father bred pigeons, called excitedly:

"Please, teacher, they're squabs!"


BAIT

A gentleman strolling alongside a canal observed an old negro and a
colored boy fishing. A moment later, a splash was heard. The boy had
fallen into the water. The old darky, however, jumped in after the lad,
and succeeded in getting him safely to the bank. There he stood the
victim on his head to let the water drain out, and it was at this moment
that the gentleman arrived on the scene with profuse expressions of
admiration for the prompt rescue.

"It was noble of you," the gentleman declared rather rhetorically, "to
plunge into the water in that way at the risk of your life to save the
boy. I congratulate you on your brave display of heroic magnanimity."

The old colored man answered with an amiable grin:

"All right, boss. Ah doan know nuffin' 'bout magn'imity. But Ah jess had
to git dat boy out de water. He had de bait in his pocket."


BALDNESS

A patient complained to the doctor that his hair was coming out.

"Won't you give me something to keep it in?" he begged.

"Take this," the doctor said kindly, and he handed the patient a pill
box.


BAPTISM

On the way to the baptism, the baby somehow loosened the stopper of his
bottle, with the result that the milk made a frightful mess over the
christening robe. The mother was greatly shamed, but she was compelled
to hand over the child in its mussed garments to the clergyman at the
font.

"What name?" the clergyman whispered.

The agitated mother failed to understand, and thought that he complained
of the baby's condition. So she offered explanation in the words:

"Nozzle come off--nozzle come off!"

The clergyman, puzzled, repeated his whisper:

"What name?"

"Nozzle come off--nozzle come off!" The woman insisted, almost in tears.

The clergyman gave it up, and continued the rite:

"Nozzlecomeoff Smithers, I baptize thee in the name of the Father and of
the Son and of the Holy Ghost."

              