              *       *       *

The aged negro clergyman announced solemnly from the pulpit:

"Next Sabbath, dar will be a baptism in dis chu'ch, at half-pas' ten in
de mawnin'. Dis baptism will be of two adults an' six adulteresses."


BAPTISTS

The old colored man left the Methodist Church and joined the Baptist.
Soon afterward, he encountered his former pastor, who inquired the
reason for his change of sect. The old man explained fully.

"Fust off, I was 'Piscopal, but I hain't learned, an' they done say the
service so fast, I nebber could keep up, an' when I come out behin', dey
all look, an' I'se 'shamed. So I jined the Methodis'. Very fine church,
yes, suh. But dey done has 'Quiry meetin's. An', suh, us cullud folkses
can't bear too much 'quirin' into. An' a man says to me, 'Why don't you
jine de Baptis'? De Baptis', it's jest _dip_ an' be done wid it! 'An' so
I jined."


BASEBALL

The teacher directed the class to write a brief account of a baseball
game. All the pupils were busy during the allotted time, except one
little boy, who sat motionless, and wrote never a word. The teacher gave
him an additional five minutes, calling them off one by one. The fifth
minute had almost elapsed when the youngster awoke to life, and scrawled
a sentence. It ran thus:

"Rain--no game."


BATTLE

_Teacher:_ "In which of his battles was King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden
slain?"

_Pupil:_ "I'm pretty sure it was the last one."


BEARS

The old trapper was chased by a grizzly. When he had thrown away
everything he carried, and found, nevertheless, that the bear was
gaining rapidly, he determined to make a stand. As he came into a small
clearing, he faced about with his back to a stump, and got out and
opened his clasp-knife. The bear halted a rod away, and sat on its
haunches, surveying its victim gloatingly. The trapper, though not
usually given to praying, now improved the interval to offer a petition.

"O God," he said aloud, with his eyes on the bear, "if you're on my
side, let my knife git 'im quick in 'is vitals, an' if you're on 'is
side, let 'im finish me fust off. But, O God, if you're nootral, you
jist sit thar on that stump, an' you'll see the darndest bear fight you
ever hearn tell on!"

              