              *       *       *

During the Civil War, an old negro was deeply interested in the
conflict, but showed no sign of wishing to take part in it. A white man
questioned him one day:

"The men of the North and South are killing one another on your account.
Why don't you pitch in and fight yourself?"

"Has you-all ever seen two dogs fightin' over a bone?" the negro
demanded.

"Many times, of course," was the answer.

The old negro chuckled as he said:

"Did you ever see de bone fight?"

"Well!--no!"

"Dat's all! I'se de bone."


BREAKFAST

The Southern Colonel at Saratoga Springs, in the days before
prohibition, directed the colored waiter at his table in the hotel:

"You-all kin bring me a Kentucky breakfast."

"An' what is that, sir?" the waiter inquired doubtfully.

The Colonel explained:

"Bring me a big steak, a bulldog and a quart of Bourbon whiskey."

"But why do you order a bulldog?" asked the puzzled waiter.

"To eat the steak, suh!" snapped the Colonel.


BREVITY

The best illustration of the value of brief speech reckoned in dollars
was given by Mark Twain. His story was that when he had listened for
five minutes to the preacher telling of the heathen, he wept, and was
going to contribute fifty dollars, after ten minutes more of the sermon,
he reduced the amount of his prospective contribution to twenty-five
dollars, after half an hour more of eloquence, he cut the sum to five
dollars. At the end of an hour of oratory when the plate was passed, he
stole two dollars.


BRIBERY

A thriving baseball club is one of the features of a boy's organization
connected with a prominent church. The team was recently challenged by a
rival club. The pastor gave a special contribution of five dollars to
the captain, with the direction that the money should be used to buy
bats, balls, gloves, or anything else that might help to win the game.
On the day of the game, the pastor was somewhat surprised to observe
nothing new in the club's paraphernalia. He called the captain to him.

"I don't see any new bats, or balls, or gloves," he said.

"We haven't anything like that," the captain admitted.

"But I gave you five dollars to buy them," the pastor exclaimed.

"Well, you see," came the explanation, "you told us to spend it for
bats, or balls, or gloves, or anything that we thought might help to win
the game, so we gave it to the umpire."


BRUTALITY

Two ladies in a car disputed concerning the window, and at last called
the conductor as referee.

"If this window is open," one declared, "I shall catch cold, and will
probably die."

"If the window is shut," the other announced, "I shall certainly
suffocate." The two glared at each other.

The conductor was at a loss, but he welcomed the words of a man with a
red nose who sat near. These were:

"First, open the window, conductor. That will kill one. Next, shut it.
That will kill the other. Then we can have peace."


BURGLARY

A young couple that had received many valuable wedding presents
established their home in a suburb. One morning they received in the
mail two tickets for a popular show in the city, with a single line:

"Guess who sent them."

The pair had much amusement in trying to identify the donor, but failed
in the effort. They duly attended the theatre, and had a delightful
time. On their return home late at night, still trying to guess the
identity of the unknown host, they found the house stripped of every
article of value. And on the bare table in the dining-room was a piece
of paper on which was written in the same hand as the enclosure with the
tickets:

"Now you know!"


CANDOR

Jeanette was wearing a new frock when her dearest friend called.

"I look a perfect fright," she remarked, eager for praise.

The dearest friend was thinking of her own affairs, and answered
absent-mindedly:

"Yes, you certainly do."

"Oh, you horrid thing!" Jeanette gasped. "I'll never--never speak to you
again!"


CALMNESS

In Bret Harte's _Mary McGillup_, there is a notable description of
calmness in most trying circumstances.

"'I have the honor of addressing the celebrated Rebel spy, Miss
McGillup?'" asked the vandal officer.

"In a moment I was perfectly calm. With the exception of slightly
expectorating twice in the face of the minion I did not betray my
agitation."


CARDS

A Tennessee farmer went to town and bought a gallon jug of whiskey. He
left it in the grocery store, and tagged it with a five of hearts from
the deck in his pocket, on which he wrote his name. When he returned two
hours later, the jug was gone. He demanded an explanation from the
grocer.

"Simple enough," was the reply. "Jim Slocum come along with a six of
hearts, an' jist nacherly took thet thar jug o' yourn."


CARELESSNESS

The housemaid, tidying the stairs the morning after a reception, found
lying there one of the solid silver teaspoons.

"My goodness gracious!" she exclaimed, as she retrieved the piece of
silver. "Some one of the company had a hole in his pocket."


CATERPILLARS

The small boy sat at the foot of a telegraph pole, with a tin can in his
hands. The curious old gentleman gazed first at the lad and then at the
can, much perplexed.

"Caterpillars!" he ejaculated. "What are you doing with them?"

"They climb trees and eat the leaves," the boy explained.

"Yes?"

"And so," the boy continued proudly, "I'm foolin' this bunch by lettin'
'em climb the telegraph pole."


CATS

Clarence, aged eight, was a member of the Band of Mercy, of his Sunday
School, which was a miniature society for the prevention of cruelty to
animals. The badge was a small star, and Clarence wore this with as much
pride as ever a policeman had in his shield. He displayed eagerness in
the work, and grew somewhat unpopular with the other boys and girls by
reason of his many rebukes for their harsh treatment of animals. But one
morning his mother, on looking out of the window, observed to her horror
that the erstwhile virtuous Clarence had the family cat by the tail, and
was swinging it to and fro with every evidence of glee. In fact, it had
been the wailing of the outraged beast that had caused the mother to
look out.

"Why, Clarence!" she cried, aghast. "What are you doing to that poor
cat? And you a member of the Band of Mercy!"

Little Clarence released the cat, but he showed no shame as he
explained:

"I was--but I lost my star."

              