              *       *       *

The French aristocrats were not always conspicuously careful in their
personal habits. A visitor to a Parisian _grande dame_ remarked to her
hostess:

"But how dirty your hands are."

The great lady regarded her hands doubtfully, as she replied:

"Oh, do you think so? Why, you ought to see my feet!"


DISCIPLINE

Jimmy found much to criticise in his small sister. He felt forced to
remonstrate with his mother.

"Don't you want Jenny to be a good wife like you when she grows up?" he
demanded. His mother nodded assent.

"Then you better get busy, ma. You make me give into her all the time
'cause I'm bigger 'en she is. You're smaller 'en pa, but when he comes
in, you bring him his slippers, and hand him the paper." Jimmie yanked
his go-cart from baby Jennie, and disregarded her wail of anger as he
continued:

"Got to dis'pline her, or she'll make an awful wife!"


DISCRETION

The kindly and inquisitive old gentleman was interested in the messenger
boy who sat on the steps of a house, and toyed delicately with a
sandwich taken from its wrapper. With the top piece of bread carefully
removed, the boy picked out and ate a few small pieces of the chicken.
The puzzled observer questioned the lad:

"Now, sonny, why don't you eat your sandwich right down, instead of
fussing with it like that?"

The answer was explicit:

"Dasn't! 'Tain't mine."


DIVORCE

The court was listening to the testimony of the wife who sought a
divorce.

"Tell me explicitly," the judge directed the woman, "what fault you have
to find with your husband."

And the wife was explicit:

"He is a liar, a brute, a thief and a brainless fool!"

"Tut, tut!" the judge remonstrated. "I suspect you would find difficulty
in proving all your assertions."

"Prove it!" was the retort. "Why, everybody knows it."

"If you knew it," his honor demanded sarcastically, "why did you marry
him?"

"I didn't know it before I married him."

The husband interrupted angrily:

"Yes, she did, too," he shouted. "She did so!"


DOCTORS

A victim of chronic bronchitis called on a well-known physician to be
examined. The doctor, after careful questioning, assured the patient
that the ailment would respond readily to treatment.

"You're so sure," the sufferer inquired, "I suppose you must have had a
great deal of experience with this disease."

The physician smiled wisely, and answered in a most confidential manner:

"Why, my dear sir, I've had bronchitis myself for more than fifteen
years."

              