              *       *       *

An engineer, who was engaged on railroad construction in Central
America, explained to one of the natives living alongside the right of
way the advantages that would come from realization of the projected
line. To illustrate his point, he put the question:

"How long does it take you to carry your produce to market by muleback?"

"Three days, _señor_," was the answer.

"Then," said the engineer, "you can understand the benefit the road will
be to you. You will be able to take your produce to market, and to
return home on the same day."

"Very good, _señor_," the native agreed courteously.

"But, _señor_, what shall we do with the other two days?"


EGGS

The farmer decided to give special attention to the development of his
poultry yard, and he undertook the work carefully and systematically.
His hired man, who had been with him for a number of years, was
instructed, among other things, to write on each egg the date laid and
the breed of the hen. After a month, the hired man resigned.

"I can't understand," the farmer declared, surprised and pained, "why
you should want to leave."

"I'm through," the hired man asserted. "I've done the nastiest jobs, an'
never kicked. But I draw the line on bein' secretary to a bunch o'
hens."


EGOTISM

The pessimist spoke mournfully to his friend:

"It is only to me that such misfortunes happen."

"What's the matter now?"

The pessimist answered dolefully:

"Don't you see that it is raining?"


ELEPHANT

A circus man was scouring the countryside in search of an elephant that
had escaped from the menagerie and wandered off. He inquired of an
Irishman working in a field to learn if the fellow had seen any strange
animal thereabouts.

"Begorra, Oi hev thot!" was the vigorous answer. "There was an
inju-rubber bull around here, pullin' carrots with its tail."


ELOPEMENT

Some months after the elopement, an old friend met the bridegroom, and
asked eagerly for details.

"What about her father? Did he catch you?"

"Just that!" quoth the bridegroom grimly. "Incidentally, I may add that
the old boy is living with us still."


ENOUGH

The darky's clothes were in the last stages of dilapidation, and he wore
open work shoes, but his face was radiant, and he whistled merrily as he
slouched along the street. A householder called from his porch:

"Sam, I have a job for you, if you want to earn a quarter."

The tattered colored man grinned happily as he shook his head.

"No, suh, thank yoh all de same, boss--I done got a quarter."


EPITAPH

In an Irish cemetery stands a handsome monument with an inscription
which runs thus:

"This monument is erected to the memory of James O'Flinn, who was
accidentally shot by his brother as a mark of affection."


EVIDENCE

The prisoner, a darky, explained how it came about that he had been
arrested for chicken-stealing:

"I didn't hab no trouble wiv de constable ner nobody. It would ab been
all right if it hadn't been fer the women's love o' dress. My women
folks, dey wasn't satisfied jes' to eat mos' all o' them chickens. Dey
had to put de feathers in der hats, an' parade 'em as circumstantial
evidence."

              