              *       *       *

"Shall I leave the hall light burning, ma'am?" the servant asked.

"No," her mistress replied. "I think my husband won't get home until
daylight. He kissed me goodbye before he went, and gave me twenty
dollars for a new hat."


EXCLUSIVENESS

One of the New York churches is notorious for its exclusiveness. A
colored man took a fancy to the church, and promptly told the minister
that he wished to join. The clergyman sought to evade the issue by
suggesting to the man that he reflect more carefully on the matter, and
make it the subject of prayers for guidance. The following day, the
darky encountered the minister.

"Ah done prayed, sah," he declared, beaming, "an' de Lawd he done sent
me an answer las' night."

"And what was it?" queried the clergyman, somewhat at a loss. "What did
the Lord say?"

"Well, sah, He done axed me what chu'ch Ah wanted to jine, an' Ah tole
Him it was yourn. An' He says: 'Ho, ho, dat chu'ch!' says he. 'You can't
git in dere. Ah know you can't--'cause Ah been tryin' to git in dat
chu'ch fer ten years mahself an' Ah couldn't!'"


EXPECTANCY

An Irishman on a scaffolding four stories high heard the noon whistle.
But when he would have descended, he found that the ladder had been
removed. One of his fellow workmen on the pavement below, to whom he
called, explained that the foreman had carried off the ladder for
another job.

"But how'll I get down?" Pat demanded.

Mike, on the pavement, suggested jumping as the only means. Pat's lunch
was below, he was hungry, and he accepted the suggestion seriously.

"Will yez kitch me?" he demanded.

"Sure, an' I'll do that," Mike agreed.

Pat clapped his arms in imitation of a rooster, and crowed, to bolster
up his courage, and leaped. He regained consciousness after a short
interval, and feebly sat up on the pavement. He regarded Mike
reproachfully.

"For why did yez not kitch me?" he asked, and the pain in bones sounded
in his voice.

"Begorry," Mike replied sympathetically, "I was waiting for yez to
bounce!"


EXPENSE ACCOUNT

The woman wrote a reference for her discharged cook as follows:

"Maggie Flynn has been employed by me for a month. She is an excellent
cook, but I could not afford to make use of her services longer."

The husband, who was present, afterward expressed his surprise at the
final clause.

"But it's true," the wife answered. "The dishes she smashed cost double
her wages."


EXPERIENCE

The baby pulled brother's hair until he yelled from the pain of it. The
mother soothed the weeping boy:

"Of course, she doesn't know how badly it hurts." Then she left the
room.

She hurried back presently on hearing frantic squalling from baby.

"What in the world is the matter with her?" she questioned anxiously.

"Nothin' 'tall," brother replied contentedly. "Only now she knows."


EXPERTS

There was a chicken-stealing case before the court. The colored culprit
pleaded guilty and was duly sentenced. But the circumstances of the case
had provoked the curiosity of the judge, so that he questioned the darky
as to how he had managed to take those chickens and carry them off from
right under the window of the owner's house, and that with a savage dog
loose in the yard. But the thief was not minded to explain. He said:

"Hit wouldn't be of no use, jedge, to try to 'splain dis ting to
you-all. Ef you was to try it you more'n like as not would git yer hide
full o' shot an' git no chickens, nuther. Ef you want to engage in any
rascality, jedge, you better stick to de bench, whar you am familiar."


EXPLICITNESS

On her return home after an absence of a few hours, the mother was
displeased to find that little Emma, who was ailing, had not taken her
pill at the appointed time, although she had been carefully directed to
do so.

"You were very naughty, Emma," the mother chided. "I told you to be sure
and take that pill."

"But, mamma," the child pleaded in extenuation, "you didn't tell me
where to take it to."


EXTRAVAGANCE

A rich and listless lady patron examined the handbags in a leading
jeweler's shop in New York City. The clerk exhibited one bag five inches
square, made of platinum and with one side almost covered with a setting
of diamonds. This was offered at a price of $9,000.

But the lady surveyed the expensive bauble without enthusiasm. She
turned it from side to side and over and over, regarding it with a
critical eye and frowning disapprovingly. At last she voiced her
comment:

"Rather pretty, but I don't like this side without diamonds. Honestly,
the thing looks skimpy--decidedly skimpy!"

For $7,000 additional, the objectional skimpiness was corrected.


FACTS

The burly man spoke lucidly to his gangling adversary:

"You're a nincompoop, a liar and hoss-thief."

The other man protested, with a whine in his voice:

"Sech talk ain't nice--and, anyhow, 'tain't fair twittin' on facts."


FASHION

After years of endeavor in poverty, the inventor made a success, and
came running home with pockets bulging real money. He joyously strewed
thousand-dollar bills in his wife's lap, crying:

"Now, at last, my dear, you will be able to buy you some decent
clothes."

"I'll do nothing of the kind," was the sharp retort. "I'll get the same
kind the other women are wearing."

              