              *       *       *

The clergyman on his vacation wrote a long letter concerning his
traveling experiences to be circulated among the members of the
congregation. The letter opened in this form:

"Dear Friends:

"I will not address you as ladies and gentlemen, because I know you so
well."


FRENCH

An American tourist in France found that he had a two hours' wait for
his train at a junction, and set out to explore the neighborhood. He
discovered at last that he was lost, and could not find his way back to
the station. He therefore addressed a passer-by in the best French he
could recollect from his college days, mispronouncing it with great
emphasis. He voiced his request for information as follows:

"Pardonnez-moi. J'ai quitté ma train et maintenant je ne sais pas où le
trouver encore. Est-ce que vous pouvez me montrer le route à la train?"

"Let's look for it together," said the stranger genially. "I don't speak
French, either."


FUSSINESS

The traveler in the Blue Ridge Mountains made his toilet as best he
could with the aid of the hand basin on its bench by the cabin door and
the roller towel. He made use of his own comb and brush, tooth-brush,
nail-file and whiskbroom. The small son of the cabin regarded his
operations with rounded eyes, and at last broke forth:

"By cricky, mister, I wantta know! Be ye allus thet much trouble to
yerself?"


GENDER

It is quite possible to trap clergymen, as well as laymen, with the
following question, because they are not always learned in the Old
Testament.

"If David was the father of Solomon, and Joab was the son of Zeruiah,
what relation was Zeruiah to Joab?"

Most persons give the answer that Zeruiah was the father of Joab,
necessarily. That is not the correct answer. The trouble is that Zeruiah
was a woman. And, of course, David and Solomon having nothing whatever
to do with the case.


GENTLEMAN

There has been much controversy for years as to the proper definition of
the much abused word "gentleman." Finally, by a printer's error in
prefixing _un_ to an adverb, an old and rather mushy description of a
gentleman has been given a novel twist and a pithy point. A
contributor's letter to a metropolitan daily appeared as follows:

"Sir--I can recall no better description of a gentleman than this--

"'A gentleman is one who never gives offense unintentionally.'"


GEOGRAPHY

The airman, after many hours of thick weather, had lost his bearings
completely. Then it cleared and he was able to make a landing.
Naturally, he was anxious to know in what part of the world he had
arrived. He put the question to the group of rustics that had promptly
assembled. The answer was explicit:

"You've come down in Deacon Peck's north medder lot."


GHOSTS

There was a haunted house down South which was carefully avoided by all
the superstitious negroes. But a new arrival in the community, named
Sam, bragged of his bravery as too superior to be shaken by any ghosts,
and declared that, for the small sum of two dollars cash in hand paid,
he would pass the night alone in the haunted house. A score of other
darkies contributed, and the required amount was raised. It was not,
however, to be delivered to the courageous Sam until his reappearance
after the vigil. With this understanding the boaster betook himself to
the haunted house for the night.

When a select committee sought for Sam next morning, no trace of him was
found. Careful search for three days failed to discover the missing
negro.

But on the fourth day Sam entered the village street, covered with mud
and evidently worn with fatigue.

"Hi, dar, nigger!" one of the bystanders shouted. "Whar you-all been de
las' foh days?"

And Sam answered simply:

"Ah's been comin' back."


GOD

The little boy was found by his mother with pencil and paper, making a
sketch. When asked what he was doing, he answered promptly, and with
considerable pride:

"I'm drawing a picture of God."

"But," gasped the shocked mother, "you cannot do that. No one has seen
God. No one knows how God looks."

"Well," the little boy replied, complacently, "when I get through they
will."


GOD'S WILL

The clergyman was calling, when the youthful son and heir approached his
mother proudly, and exhibited a dead rat. As she shrank in repugnance,
he attempted to reassure her:

"Oh, it's dead all right, mama. We beat it and beat it and beat it, and
it's deader 'n dead."

His eyes fell on the clergyman, and he felt that something more was due
to that reverend presence. So he continued in a tone of solemnity:

"Yes, we beat it and beat it until--until God called it home!"


GOLF

The eminent English Statesman Arbuthnot-Joyce plays golf so badly that
he prefers a solitary round with only the caddy present. He had a new
boy one day recently, and played as wretchedly as usual.

"I fancy I play the worst game in the world," he confessed to the caddy.

"Oh, I wouldn't say that, sir," was the consoling response. "From what
the boys were saying about another gentleman who plays here, he must be
worse even than you are."

"What's his name?" asked the statesman hopefully.

And the caddy replied:

"Arbuthnot-Joyce."


GRACE

The son and heir had just been confirmed. At the dinner table, following
the church service, the father called on his son to say grace. The boy
was greatly embarrassed by the demand. Moreover, he was tired, not only
from the excitement of the special service through which he had passed,
but also from walking to and from the church, four miles away, and, too,
he was very hungry indeed and impatient to begin the meal. Despite his
protest, however, the father insisted.

So, at last, the little man folded his hands with a pious air, closed
his eyes tight, bent his head reverently, and spoke his prayer:

"O Lord, have mercy on these victuals. Amen!"

              