              *       *       *

The witness, in answer to the lawyer's question, said:

"Them hain't the boots what was stole."

The judge rebuked the witness sternly:

"Speak grammatic, young man--speak grammatic! You shouldn't ought to
say, 'them boots what was stole,' you should ought to say, 'them boots
as was stealed.'"


GRASS

The auctioneer, offering the pasture lot for sale, waved his hand
enthusiastically, pointed toward the rich expanse of herbage, and
shouted:

"Now, then, how much am I offered for this field? Jest look at that
grass, gentlemen. That's exactly the sort of grass Nebuchadnezzar would
have given two hundred dollars an acre for."


GREED

An eminent doctor successfully attended a sick child. A few days later,
the grateful mother called on the physician. After expressing her
realization of the fact that his services had been of a sort that could
not be fully paid for, she continued:

"But I hope you will accept as a token from me this purse which I myself
have embroidered."

The physician replied very coldly to the effect that the fees of the
physician must be paid in money, not merely in gratitude, and he added:

"Presents maintain friendship: they do not maintain a family."

"What is your fee?" the woman inquired.

"Two hundred dollars," was the answer.

The woman opened the purse, and took from it five $100 bills. She put
back three, handed two to the discomfited physician, then took her
departure.


GRIEF

At the wake, the bereaved husband displayed all the evidences of frantic
grief. He cried aloud heart-rendingly, and tore his hair. The other
mourners had to restrain him from leaping into the open coffin.

The next day, a friend who had been at the wake encountered the widower
on the street and spoke sympathetically of the great woe displayed by
the man.

"Did you go to the cemetery for the burying?" the stricken husband
inquired anxiously, and when he was answered in the negative, continued
proudly: "It's a pity ye weren't there. Ye ought to have seen the way I
cut up."

              