              *       *       *

It is a matter of common knowledge that there have been troublous times
in Ireland before those of the present. In the days of the Land League,
an Irish Judge told as true of an experience while he was holding court
in one of the turbulent sections. When the jury entered the court-room
at the beginning of the session, the bailiff directed them to take their
accustomed places.... And every man of them walked forward into the
dock.


HAIR

The school girl from Avenue A, who had just learned that the notorious
Gorgon sisters had snakes for hair, chewed her gum thoughtfully as she
commented:

"Tough luck to have to get out and grab a mess of snakes any time you
want an extry puff."


HARD TO PLEASE

The rather ferocious-appearing husband who had taken his wife to the
beach for a holiday scowled heavily at an amateur photographer, and
rumbled in a threatening bass voice:

"What the blazes d'ye mean, photographin' my wife? I saw ye when ye done
it."

The man addressed cringed, and replied placatingly:

"You're mistaken, really! I wouldn't think of doing such a thing."

"Ye wouldn't, eh?" the surly husband growled, still more savagely. "And
why not? I'd like to know. She's the handsomest woman on the beach."


HASTE

The colored man was condemned to be hanged, and was awaiting the time
set for execution in a Mississippi jail. Since all other efforts had
failed him, he addressed a letter to the governor, with a plea for
executive clemency. The opening paragraph left no doubt as to his
urgent need:

"Dear Boss: The white folks is got me in dis jail fixin' to hang me on
Friday mornin' and here it is Wednesday already."


HEARSAY

The convicted feudist was working for a pardon. It was reported to him
that the opposing clan was pulling wires against him, and spreading
false reports concerning him. He thereupon wrote a brief missive to the
governor:

"Deer guvner, if youve heared wat ive heared youve heared youve heared a
lie."


HEAVEN

The clergyman in the following story probably did not mean exactly what
he said, though, human nature being what it is, maybe it was true
enough.

A parishioner meeting the parson in the street inquired:

"When do you expect to see Deacon Jones again?"

"Never, never again!" the minister declared solemnly. "The deacon is in
heaven!"


HELP

The farmer found his new hired man very unsatisfactory. A neighbor who
chanced along inquired:

"How's that new hand o' your'n?"

"Cuss the critter!" was the bitter reply. "He ain't a hand--he's a sore
thumb."

              