              *       *       *

Down in Virginia, near Yorktown, lived an aged negro whose proud boast
was that he had been the body servant of George Washington. As he was
very old indeed, no one could disprove his claims, and he made the most
of his historical pretentions. He was full of anecdotes concerning the
Father of His Country, and exploited himself in every tale. His favorite
narrative was of the capture of Lord Cornwallis by his master, which was
as follows:

"Yassuh, it were right on dis yere road, jest over dar by de fo'ks.
Gen'l Washin'ton, he knowed dat ole Co'nwallis, he gwine pass dis way,
an' 'im an' me, we done hid behin' de bushes an' watched. Yassuh, an'
when ole Co'nwallis, he come by, Gen'l Washin'ton, he jumped out at 'im,
an' he grab 'im by de collah, an' he say, 'Yoh blame' ole rascal, dat de
time what Ah done gone cotch ye!"


HOGS

The professor and his wife were doubtful about returning to the farm on
which they had passed the previous summer, because they had been
somewhat annoyed by the proximity of the pigsty to the house. Finally,
the professor wrote to the farmer and explained the objectionable
feature. He received the following reply:

"We hain't had no hogs on the place since you was here last summer. Be
sure to come."


HOLDING HIS OWN

The farmer, after seven years of effort on the stony farm, announced to
all and sundry:

"Anyhow, I'm holdin' my own. I hadn't nothin' when I come here, an' I
haven't nothin' now."


HOME BREW

The young man had offered his heart and hand to the fair damsel.

"Before giving you my decision," she said sweetly, "I wish to ask you a
question." Then, as he nodded assent: "Do you drink anything?"

The young man replied without an instant of hesitation and proudly:

"Anything!"

And she fell into his arms.


HOMESICKNESS

One of our volunteers in the late war lost some of his first enthusiasm
under the bitter experience of campaigning. One night at the front in
France, while his company was stationed in a wood, a lieutenant
discovered the recruit sitting on a log and weeping bitterly. The
officer spoke roughly:

"Now, what are you bawling about, you big baby?"

"I wish I was in my daddy's barn!" replied the soldier in a plaintive
voice.

"In your daddy's barn!" the astonished lieutenant exclaimed. "What for?
What would you do if you were in your daddy's barn?"

"If I was in my daddy's barn," the youth explained huskily through a
choking sob, "I'd go into the house mighty quick!"


HONEYMOON

The newly married pair were stopping in a hotel. The bride left the
groom in their room while she went out on a brief shopping expedition.
She returned in due time, and passed along the hotel corridor to the
door, on which she tapped daintily.

"I'm back, honey--let me in," she murmured with wishful tenderness. But
there was no answer vouchsafed to her plea. She knocked a little more
firmly, and raised her voice somewhat to call again:

"Honey, honey--it's Susie! Let me in!"

Thereupon a very cold masculine voice sounded through the door:

"Madam, this is not a beehive; it's a bathroom!"


HONORABLE INTENTIONS

A certain man notorious for his slowness paid attention for two years to
a young lady, without coming to the point. The girl's father thought it
time for him to interfere. On the swain's next visit, the father
interviewed him:

"Clinton, you've been settin' up with Nellie, an' takin' her to picnics,
an' to church an' buggy-ridin', an' nothin's come of it. So, now,
Clinton, I ask you, as man to man, what be your intentions?"

And Clinton responded unabashed:

"Well, answerin' you as man to man, I'll say there hain't no cause for
you to ruffle your shirt. My intentions is honorable--but remote."


HOSPITAL

Little Mary, who had fallen ill, begged for a kitten. It was found that
an operation was necessary for the child's cure, and that she must go
to the hospital. The mother promised that if she would be very brave
during this time of trial she should have the very finest kitten to be
found.

As Mary was coming out from the influence of the anesthetic, the nurse
heard her muttering, and stooping, heard these words:

"It's a bum way to get a cat."


HOSPITALITY

The good wife apologized to her unexpected guests for serving the apple
pie without cheese. The little boy of the family slipped quietly away
from the table for a moment, and returned with a cube of cheese, which
he laid on the guest's plate. The visitor smiled in recognition of the
lad's thoughtfulness, popped the cheese into his mouth, and then
remarked:

"You must have sharper eyes than your mother, sonny. Where did you find
it?"

The boy replied with a flush of pride:

"In the rat-trap."


HUMBUG

Two boys once thought to play a trick on Charles Darwin. They took the
body of a centipede, the wings of a butterfly, the legs of a grasshopper
and the head of a beetle, and glued these together to form a weird
monster. With the composite creature in a box, they visited Darwin.

"Please, sir, will you tell us what sort of a bug this is?" the
spokesman asked.

The naturalist gave a short glance at the exhibit and a long glance at
the boys.

"Did it hum?" he inquired solemnly.

The boys replied enthusiastically, in one voice:

"Oh, yes, sir."

"Well, then," Darwin declared, "it is a humbug."


HUMIDITY

The little boy had been warned repeatedly against playing on the lawn
when it was damp. Saturday evening, his father heard him recite a
Scripture verse learned for the Sunday school.

"'Put off thy shoes from they feet, for the ground whereon thou standest
is----'" He halted at a loss.

"Is what, my boy?" asked the father.

"Is damp."


HUMILITY

The slow suitor asked:

"Elizabeth, would you like to have a puppy?"

"Oh, Edward," the girl gushed, "how delightfully humble of you. Yes,
dearest, I accept."


HUNGER

"That woman never turns away a hungry man."

"Ah, genuinely charitable!"

"Hardly that. She says, 'Are you so hungry you want to saw some wood for
a dinner?' And the answer is, 'No.'"


HUNTING

An amateur sportsman spent the day with dog and gun, but brought home no
game. A friend twitted him with his failure:

"Didn't you shoot anything at all?"

The honest fellow nodded miserably.

"I shot my dog."

"Why?" his questioner demanded. "Was he mad?"

The sportsman shook his head doubtfully.

"Not exactly mad," he asserted; "and not so darned tickled neither!"


IDENTITY

The paying teller told mournfully of his experience with a strange woman
who appeared at his wicket to have a check cashed.

"But, madam," he advised her, "you will have to get some one to
introduce you before I can pay you the money on this check."

The woman stared at him disdainfully.

"Sir!" she said haughtily. "I wish you to understand that I am here
strictly on business. I am not making a social call. I do not care to
know you."


IDIOMS

The foreigner, who prided himself on his mastery of colloquial
expressions in English, was speaking of the serious illness of a
distinguished statesman.

"It would be a great pity," he declared, "if such a splendid man should
kick the ghost."

              