              *       *       *

Some physicians direct their patients to lie always on the right side,
declaring that it is injurious to the health to lie on both sides. Yet,
lawyers as a class enjoy good health.


LEGERDEMAIN

"What did you do last night?"

"I went to a slight-of-hand performance. Called on Laura Sears, and
offered her my hand, and she slighted it."


LENT

"Did you give up anything during Lent?" one man asked another.

"Yes," was the reply, uttered with a heavy sigh. "I gave up fifty
dollars for a new Easter bonnet."


LIARS

The World War has incited veterans of the Civil War to new reminiscences
of old happenings. One of these is based on the fact that furloughs were
especially difficult to obtain when the Union army was in front of
Petersburg, Virginia. But a certain Irishman was resolved to get a
furlough in spite of the ban. He went to the colonel's tent, and was
permitted to enter. He saluted, and delivered himself thus:

"Colonel, I've come to ax you to allow me the pleasure of a furlough for
a visit home. I've been in the field now three years, an' never home yet
to see me family. An' I jest had a letter from me wife wantin' av me to
come home to see her an' the children."

The colonel shook his head decisively.

"No, Mike," he replied. "I'm sorry, but to tell the truth, I don't think
you ought to go home. I've jest had a letter from your wife myself. She
doesn't want you to come home. She writes me that you'd only get drunk,
and disgrace her and the children. So you'd better stay right here until
your term of service expires."

"All right, sir," Mike answered, quite cheerfully. He saluted and went
to the door of the tent. Then he faced about.

"Colonel dear," he inquired in a wheedling voice, "would ye be after
pardonin' me for a brief remark jist at this toime?"

"Yes, certainly," the officer assented.

"Ye won't git mad an' put me in the guard house for freein' me mind, so
to spake?"

"No, indeed! Say what you wish to."

"Well, thin, Colonel darlint, I'm afther thinkin' thar are at the
prisint moment in this tint two of the biggest liars in all the Army of
the Potomic, an' sure I'm one av thim--I have no wife."


LIES

A certain famous preacher when preaching one Sunday in the summer time
observed that many among the congregation ware drowsing. Suddenly, then,
he paused, and afterward continued in a loud voice, relating an incident
that had no connection whatever with his sermon. This was to the
following effect:

"I was once riding along a country road. I came to the house of a
farmer, and halted to observe one of the most remarkable sights I have
ever seen. There was a sow with a litter of ten little pigs. This sow
and each of her offspring had a long curved horn growing out of the
forehead between the ears."

The clergyman again paused, and ran his eye over the congregation.
Everybody was now wide-awake. He thereupon remarked:

"Behold how strange! A few minutes since, when I was telling you the
truth, you went to sleep. But now when you have heard a whopping lie,
you are all wide-awake."


LIGHTNING

The woman was strong-minded, and she was religious, and she was also
afflicted with a very feminine fear of thunder storms. She was
delivering an address at a religious convention when a tempest suddenly
broke with din of thunder and flare of lightning. Above the noise of the
elements, her voice was heard in shrill supplication:

"O Lord, take us under Thy protecting wings, for Thou knowest that
feathers are splendid non-conductors."


LISP

The kindergarten teacher questioned her tiny pupil:

"Do you know, Jennie, what a panther is?"

"Yeth, ma'am," Jennie replied, beaming. "A panther ith a man who makes
panth."


LITERAL

The class had been told by the teacher to write compositions in which
they must not attempt any flights of fancy, but should only state what
was really in them. The star production from this command was a
composition written by a boy who was both sincere and painstaking. It
ran as follows:

"I shall not attempt any flites of fancy, but wright just what is really
in me. In me there is my stommick, lungs, liver, two apples, two cakes
and my dinner."


LITERALNESS

The visitor from the city stopped in at the general store of the
village, and inquired:

"Have you anything in the shape of automobile tires?"

"Yep," the store-keeper answered briskly, "life-preservers, invalid
cushions, funeral wreaths, doughnuts, an' sich."


LOGIC

The mother came on her little son who was standing thoughtfully before
the gooseberry bush in the garden. She noted that his expression was
both puzzled and distressed.

"Why, what's the matter, little lamb?" she asked tenderly.

"I'm finkin, muvver," the boy answered.

"What about, little man?"

"Have gooseberries any legs, muvver?"

"Why, no! Of course not, dear."

The perplexity passed from the little boy's face, but the expression of
trouble deepened, as he spoke again:

"Then, muvver, I fink I've swallowed a catapillar."


LOQUACITY

The two old Scotchmen played a round of seventeen holes without a word
exchanged between them. As they came to the eighteenth green, Sandy
surveyed the lie, and muttered:

"Dormie."

Quoth Tammas, with a snarl:

"Chatter-r-rbox!"


LOVE

The philosopher calmly defined the exact difference between life and
love:

"Life is just one fool thing after another: love is just two fool things
after each other."


LOVE ME, LOVE ME NOT

The little girl came in tears to her mother.

"God doesn't love me," she sobbed.

"Of course, God loves you," the mother declared. "How did you ever come
to get such an idea?"

"No," the child persisted, "He doesn't love me. I know--I tried Him with
a daisy."


LUCK

The pessimist quoted from his own experience at poker in illustration of
the general cussedness of things:

"Frequent, I have sot in a poker game, and it sure is queer how things
will turn out. I've sot hour after hour in them games, without ever
takin' a pot. And then, 'long about four o'clock in the mornin', the
luck'd turn--it'd take a turn for the worse."

              