              *       *       *

The editor of a country newspaper betook himself to a party at the house
of a neighbor, where, only a few weeks earlier, a baby had been added to
the family. On the editor's arrival at the house, he was met at the door
by his hostess, a woman who suffered to some extent from deafness. After
the usual exchange of greetings, the editor inquired concerning the
health of the baby. The hostess had a severe cold, and she now
misunderstood the visitor's inquiry concerning the baby, thinking that
he was solicitous on her account. So she explained to the aghast editor
who had asked about the baby that, although she usually had one every
winter, this was the very worst one she had ever had, it kept her awake
at night a great deal, and at first confined her to her bed. Having
explained thus far, the good lady noticed the flabbergasted air of her
guest. She continued sympathetically; saying that she could tell by his
looks and the way he acted that he was going to have one just like hers.
Then she insisted that, as a precautionary measure for the sake of his
condition, he should come in out of the draft and sit down and stay
quiet.


MISMATED

A Texas lad, lacking a team of horses or oxen or mules for his
ploughing, engaged his sister to direct the plough, while he yoked
himself to a steer for the pulling. The steer promptly ran away, and the
lad had no choice but to run too. They came shortly into the village and
went tearing down the street. And as he raced wildly, the young man
shouted:

"Here we come--darn our fool souls! Somebody head us off!"


MIXED METAPHORS

A babu, or native clerk, in India, who prided himself on his mastery of
the English tongue and skill in its idioms, sent the following telegram
in announcement of his mother's death:

"Regret to announce that hand which rocked the cradle has kicked the
bucket."


MODESTY

A British journalist, in an article on Sir Henry Irving for a London
weekly wrote:

"I was his guest regularly at all Lyceum first nights for a whole
quarter of a century.... He delighted in the company of third-rate
people."


MONEY TALKS

The disreputable-looking panhandler picked out an elderly gentleman of
most benevolent aspect and made a plea for a small financial
contribution. When he had finished his narrative of misery and woe the
elderly gentleman replied benignantly:

"My good friend, I have no money, but I can give you some good advice."

The tramp spat contemptuously, and uttered an oath of disgust.

"If you hain't got no money," he jeered, "I reckon your advice ain't
worth hearin'."


MONEY VALUE

A well-known millionaire entertained Edward Everett Hale with other
guests at a dinner. The host was not only hospitable, but wished every
one to know his liberality. During the meal, he extolled the various
viands, and did not hesitate to give their value in dollars and cents.
In speaking of some very beautiful grapes served, which had been grown
on his estate, he wearied the company by a careful calculation as to
just how much a stem of them had cost him. Doctor Hale grinned
pleasantly as he extended his empty plate, with the request:

"I'll thank you to cut me off about $1.87 worth more, please."


MONOGAMY

The wives of the savage chief questioned the wife of the missionary:

"And you never let your husband beat you?"

"Certainly not," the Christian lady replied. "Why, he wouldn't dare to
try such a thing!"

The oldest wife nodded understandingly.

"It is plain enough why the foreign devil has only one wife."


MONOTONY

The son of the house addressed his mother wistfully.

"I'm going to have a little sister some day, ain't I?"

"Why, dear, do you want one?"

The child nodded seriously.

"Yes, mama, I do. It gets kin' o' tiresome teasin' the cat."


MORALITY

The more-or-less-religious woman was deeply shocked when the new
neighbors sent over on Sunday morning to borrow her lawn-mower.

"The very idea," she exclaimed to her maid, "of cutting grass on the
Sabbath! Shameful! Certainly, they can't have it. Tell them we haven't
any lawn-mower."


MOSQUITOES

The visitor from another state talked so much concerning the size and
fierceness of New Jersey mosquitoes that his host became somewhat
peeved.

"Funny!" the guest remarked. "You haven't your porch screened."

"No," the host snapped; "we're using mouse-traps."

              