              *       *       *

The apoplectic and grumpy old gentleman in the crowded restaurant was
compelled to sit, much against his will, next to the orchestra. His
stare at the leader as the jazz selection came to an end. The annoyed
patron snorted, and then asked:

"Would you be so kind as to play something by request?"

The leader bowed again and beamed.

"Certainly," he replied; "anything you like, sir."

"Then," snapped the patron, "please be good enough to play a game of
checkers while I finish my meal."


NEATNESS

The Japanese are remarkably tidy in the matter of floors. They even
remove their shoes at the doorway. A Japanese student in New York was
continually distressed by the dirty hallways of the building in which
he lived. In the autumn, the janitor placed a notice at the entrance,
which read:

"Please wipe your feet."

The Japanese wrote beneath in pencil:

"On going out."


NEIGHBORS

It was a late hour when the hostess at the reception requested the
eminent basso to sing.

"It is too late, madam," he protested. "I should disturb your
neighbors."

"Not at all," declared the lady, beaming. "Besides, they poisoned our
dog last week."


NERVES

The older sister rebuked the younger when putting her to bed for being
cross and ill tempered throughout the day. After she had been neatly
tucked in, the little one commented:

"It's temper when it's me an' nerves when it's you."


NIGHTMARE

"And you say you have the same nightmare every night," the doctor
inquired. "What is it?"

The suffering man answered:

"I dream that I'm married."

"Ah, hum!" the physician grunted perfunctorily. "To whom?"

"To my wife," the patient explained. "That's what makes it a
nightmare."

The inn-keeper was inclined to take advantage of a particular guest who
did not scrutinize the bills rendered. When the clerk mentioned the fact
that this guest had complained of a nightmare, the host brightened, and
marked down an item of ten dollars charge for livery.


NOMENCLATURE

The young son of a mountaineer family in North Carolina had visited for
the first time in the town twelve miles from home, and had eaten his
mid-day meal there. Questioned on his return as to the repast, he
described it with enthusiasm, except in one particular:

"They done had something they called gravee. But hit looked like sop,
an' hit tasted like sop, an' I believe in my soul 'twar sop!"

              