              *       *       *

Two friends from Ireland on a tour occupied the same bedchamber in a
country inn. During the night a fearful storm raged. John spoke of it in
the morning while the two men were dressing.

"Did it rain?" Dennis asked in surprise.

"Rain!" John exclaimed. "It was a deluge, and the lightnin' was blindin'
and the thunder was deafenin'. Sure, I never heard the like."

"For the love of Hivvin!" Dennis cried out. "Why didn't yez waken me?
Didn't yez know I never can slape whin it thunders!"


PASTORAL

Burdette quotes as follows a year's statistics of parochial work, as
compiled by a young curate:

"Preached 104 sermons, 18 mortuary discourses, solemnized 21 hymeneal
ceremonies, delivered 17 lectures, of which 16 were on secular and all
the rest on religious subjects; made 39 addresses, of which all but 27
were on matters most nearly touching the vital religious concerns of the
church, read aloud in church 156 chapters of the Bible, 149 of which
were very long ones; made pastoral calls, 312; took tea on such
occasions, 312 times; distributed 804 tracts; visited the sick several
times; sat on the platform at temperance and other public meetings 47
times; had the headache Sabbath mornings, and so was compelled to appear
in a condition of physical pain, nervous prostration and bodily distress
that utterly unfitted him for public preaching, 104 times; picnics
attended, 10; dinners, 37; suffered from attacks of malignant dyspepsia,
37 times; read 748 hymns; instructed the choir in regard to the
selection of tunes, 1 time; had severe cold, 104 times; sore throat, 104
times; malaria, 104 times; wrote 3120 pages of sermons; declined
invitations to tea, 1 time; started the tune in prayer meeting, 2 times;
started the wrong tune, 2 times; sung hymns that nobody else knew, 2
times; received into church membership, 3; dismissed by letter, 49;
expelled, 16; lost, strayed, or stolen, 137."


PATRIOTISM

The Scotchman returned to his native town, Peebles, after a first visit
to London. He told the neighbors enthusiastically of his many wonderful
experiences in the metropolis. There was, however, no weakening in his
local loyalty, for at the end he cried out proudly:

"But, for real pleasure, gi'e me Peebles!"

              