              *       *       *

The man sitting in the street car addressed the woman standing before
him:

"You must excuse my not giving you my seat--I'm a member of the Sit
Still Club."

"Certainly, sir," the woman replied. "And please excuse my staring--I
belong to the Stand and Stare Club."

She proved it so well that the man at last sheepishly got to his feet.

"I guess, ma'am," he mumbled, "I'll resign from my club and join yours."


POLITICS

The little boy interrupted his father's reading of the paper with a
petition.

"Please, Daddy, tell me the story about the Forty Thieves."

The father, aroused from his absorption in political news and comment on
the campaign, regarded his son thoughtfully for a moment, and then shook
his head.

"No," he answered decisively, "you must wait until you're a little
older, my son. You're too young to understand politics."


POPULATION

Someone asked a darky from Richmond who was visiting in the North as to
the population of the city.

"Ah don't edzakly know, suh," was the reply, "but I opine 'bout a
hundred an' twenty-five thousan', countin' de whites."


POSTAL

It is human nature to take an interest in the affairs of others. The
fact has been amply demonstrated by innumerable postmasters and
postmistresses who have profited from their contact with the
communities' correspondence. That the postman, too, is likely to be well
informed is shown in a quotation by _Punch_ of a local letter-carrier's
apology to a lady on his round:

"I'm sorry, Ma'am, I seem to have lost your postcard; but it only said
Muriel thanked you for the parcel and so did John, and they were both
very well, and the children are happy, and she'll give your message to
Margery. That'll be your other daughter, I'm thinkin'?"


PRAISE

One negro workman was overheard talking to another:

"I'se yoh frien'. I jest tole the fohman, when he say dat nigger Sam
ain't fit to feed to de dawgs, why, I done spoke right up, an' tole him
yoh shohly is!"


PRAYER

The Dutchman still retained a strong accent, although he had been in the
country forty years, and was a churchwarden. When the rector complained
that a certain parishioner had called him a perfect ass, and asked
advice, the reply, though well intentioned, sounded ambiguous:

"All you should do vill pe youst to bray for him, as usual."

              