              *       *       *

Pride often has no better basis in fact than the self-congratulation of
little Raymond in the following story:

Raymond came home from a session of the Sunday School fairly swollen
with importance. He explained the cause to his mother.

"The superintendent said something awful nice about me this morning in
his prayer."

"And what did he say, dear?" the mother inquired, concealing her
astonishment.

The boy quoted glibly and sincerely.

"He said, 'O Lord, we thank thee for our food and Raymond.'"


PRECOCIOUSNESS

A stranger rang the door-bell. Little eight-year-old Willie Jones opened
the door.

"Is Mr. Jones in?" the caller inquired.

Little Willie answered with formal politeness:

"I'm Mr. Jones. Or did you wish to see old Mr. Jones?"


PRISON REFORM

The society matron explained the necessity for immediate reform in
conditions at the State Penitentiary:

"Nowadays, there are such a number of our very best people who are being
indicted and tried and convicted and sent to serve their sentences in
the prison that we really must make their surroundings there more
pleasant and elegant."


PRIVILEGE

The tenderfoot in the mining town was watching a poker game for heavy
stakes, when he saw the dealer give himself four aces from the bottom of
the deck. He whispered the fact in shocked surprise to a citizen beside
him. The latter looked astonished.

"What of it?" he drawled. "Wasn't it his deal?"


PROCRASTINATION

The Southern darky is usually willing enough, but painfully dilatory in
accomplishment. The foreman of a quarry called to Zeb, the general
utility man, and directed him to go across the road to the blacksmith
shop and bring back a drill which had been left there for sharpening.
Zeb shuffled out of sight, and after a lapse of half an hour, shuffled
back lazily into view. The indignant foreman called to him sharply:

"Here, you Zeb! Where've you been all this time?"

The darky grinned placatingly.

"Why, boss," he explained, "I hain't been--I'se gwine!"


PROFANITY

The longshoreman was indulging in a fit of temper, which he interpreted
in a burst of language that shocked the lady passing by. She regarded
him reprovingly, as she demanded:

"My man, where did you learn such awful language?"

"Where did I learn it?" the longshoreman repeated. "Huh! I didn't learn
it, it's a gift."

              