              *       *       *

When Mr. Choate was ambassador to the Court of St. James, he was present
at a function where his plain evening dress contrasted sharply with the
uniforms of the other men. At a late hour, an Austrian diplomat approach
him, as he stood near the door, obviously taking him for a servant, and
said:

"Call me a cab."

Choate answered affably:

"You're a cab, sir."

The diplomat indignantly went to the host and explained that a servant
had insulted him. He pointed to Choate. Explanations ensued, and the
diplomat was introduced to the American, to whom he apologized.

"That's all right," declared Choate, smiling. "If you had been
better-looking, I'd have called you a hansom cab."


PUZZLE

The humorist offered his latest invention in the way of a puzzle to the
assembly of guests in the drawing-room:

"Can you name an animal that has eyes and cannot see; legs and cannot
walk, but can jump as high as the Woolworth Building?"

Everybody racked his brains during a period of deep silence, and racked
in vain. Finally, they gave it up and demanded the solution. The
inventor of the puzzle beamed.

"The answer," he said, "is a wooden horse. It has eyes and cannot see,
and legs and cannot walk."

"Yes," the company agreed. "But how does it jump as high as the
Woolworth Building?"

"The Woolworth Building," the humorist explained, "can't jump."


QUARRELSOME

The applicant for the position of cook explained to the lady why she had
left her last place:

"To tell the truth, mum, I just couldn't stand the way the master and
the mistress was always quarreling."

"That must have been unpleasant," the lady agreed.

"Yis, mum," the cook declared, "they was at it all the time. When it
wasn't me an' him, it was me an' her."


QUESTIONS

It was a rule of the club that anyone asking a question which he himself
could not answer must pay a fine. One of the members presented a
question as to why a ground-squirrel in digging left no dirt around the
entrance to its hole. He was finally called on for the answer, and
explained that of course the squirrel began at the bottom and dug
upward.

"Excellent!" a listener laughed. "But how does the squirrel manage to
reach the bottom?"

"That," said the other with a grin, "is your question."


RAILROAD

A railroad was opened through a remote region, and on the first run over
the line, the engineer overtook a country boy riding his horse along the
road bed. The engineer whistled, and the boy whipped. The train was
forced to a crawl with the cowcatcher fairly nipping at the horse's
heels. Finally, the engineer leaned from the cab window and shouted:

"You dum fool, why dont ye git offen the track?"

The fleeting boy screamed an answer:

"No, sirree! Ye'd ketch me in a jiffy on thet-thar ploughed ground."


RECOGNITION

The office telephone was out of order. An employee of the company was
sent to make repairs. After a period of labor, he suggested to the
gentleman occupying the office the calling up of some one over the wire
in order to test the working of the instrument. The gentleman obligingly
called for the number of his own home in the suburbs. When the
connection was made, he called into the transmitter:

"Maria!" and after a pause, "Maria!" and again "Maria!" There followed a
few seconds of waiting, and he repeated his call in a peremptory tone,
"Maria!"

The electric storm that had been gathering broke at this moment. A bolt
of lightning hit the telephone wires. The gentleman was hurled violently
under his desk. Presently, he crawled forth in a dazed condition, and
regarded the repair man plaintively.

"That's her!" he declared. "The telephone works fine."


REFORM

Abe Jones was a colored man who made a living by chicken-stealing. He
was converted at a camp meeting. When the elder was receiving
testimonies from the mourners' bench, he at last called on Abe:

"Brother," he exhorted, "won't you tell the congregation now what the
Lord has done for you?"

Abe got to his feet awkwardly, and mumbled his response in a tone tinged
with bitterness:

"It looks as though the Lawd done ruint me."


RELIABILITY

The Southern lady saw old 'Rastus setting out with his fishing tackle
for a day on the river, and she deemed it a fitting time to rebuke him
for his notorious idleness, since she and everybody else knew that the
entire family was supported by the industry of 'Rastus' old wife as a
washerwoman.

"'Rastus," she said severely, "do you think it's right to leave your
wife hard at work over the washtub while you pass your time fishing?"

"Yassum, ma'am," replied the old darky earnestly. "It's all right. Mah
wife don' need any watchin'. She'll wuk jes' as hard as if I was dah."


REPENTANCE

"When the Devil was sick, the Devil a monk would be: When the Devil was
well, the devil a monk was he."


REPETITION

The little girl had been naughty in school. By way of punishment, she
was directed by the teacher to remain in her seat after the session
until she had written an original composition containing not less than
fifty words. In a surprisingly short space of time, she offered the
following, and was duly excused:

"I lost my kitty, and I went out and called, Come, kitty, kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty."


RESIGNATION

The physician, afer an examination, addressed the wife of the sick man
in a tone of grave finality:

"I am afraid your husband is beyond help. I can hold out no hope of his
recovery."

This candor was offensive to the patient, who protested with what
violence was permitted by a very scanty breath:

"Here, hold on! What are you gittin' at? I ain't a-goin' to snuff out!"

The wife interposed in a soothing voice:

"You leave it to the doctor, dearie--he knows best."


REVOLUTION

At a reception given by the Daughters of the Revolution in New York City
appeared a woman from one of the Latin-American States. She wore a
large number of decorations and insignia. It was explained that she was
a Daughter of all two hundred and thirty-eight revolutions in her own
country.


REWARD OF MERIT

A very tidy young man was distressed by his wife's carelessness in
attire at home. He was especially annoyed by a torn skirt, which his
wife was forever pinning and never mending. Being a tidy man, he had
acquired some skill with a needle in his bachelor days. With the
intention of administering a rebuke to his wife, he set to work on the
skirt during her absence and sewed it up neatly. When, on her return
home, he showed her what he had done, she was touched and kissed him
tenderly. Soon she left the room, to return with an armful of garments.

"Here are some more for you, darling," she announced happily. "Don't
hurry. Just do them whenever you have time."


REWARD OF VIRTUE

The little boy put a serious question to his mother:

"Please, mama, tell me: If I'm a good boy, and I die, and go to heaven,
will God give me a nice ickle devil to play with?"

              