              *       *       *

A Scotch Presbyterian clergyman tells the story of a parishioner who
formed a secession with a few others unable to accept the doctrines of
the church. But when the clergyman asked this man if he and the others
worshiped together, the answer was:

"No. The fact is, I found that they accepted certain points to which I
could not agree, so I withdrew from communion with them."

"So, then," the clergyman continued, "I suppose you and your wife carry
on your devotions together at home."

"No, not exactly," the man admitted. "I found that our views on certain
doctrines are not in harmony. So, there has been a division between us.
Now, she worships in the northeast corner of the room and I in the
southwest."


SELF-BETRAYAL

The old lady was very aristocratic, but somewhat prim and precise.
Nevertheless, when the company had been telling of college pranks, she
relaxed slightly, and told of a lark that had caused excitement in
Cambridge when she was a girl there. This was to the effect that two
maidens of social standing were smuggled into the second-story room of a
Harvard student for a gay supper. The affair was wholly innocent, but
secrecy was imperative, to avoid scandal. The meal was hardly begun when
a thunderous knock of authority came on the door. The young men acted
swiftly in the emergency. Silently, one of the girls was lowered to the
ground from the window by a rope knotted under her arms. The second girl
was then lowered, but the rope broke when the descent was hardly half
completed.

The old lady had related the incident with increasing animation, and at
this critical point in the narrative she burst forth:

"And I declare, when that rope broke, I just knew I was going to be
killed, sure!"


SERMON

The aged colored clergyman, who made up in enthusiasm what he lacked in
education, preached a sermon on the verse of the Psalm, "Awake, Psaltery
and Harp! I myself will awake right early." The explanation of the
words, which preceded the exhortation, was as follows:

"Awake, Peasel Tree an' Ha'ap, I myself will awake airly. Dis yere Sam
was wrote by de prophet Moses. Moses was mighty fond o' playin' on de
ha'ap all de day long, an' at night when he went to bed he'd hang up de
ha'ap on de limb ob a Peasel tree what grew on de outside o' de window,
an' in de mawnin', when de sun would get up an' shine in his face, he'd
jump out o' bed, an' exclaim, 'Wake, Peasel Tree an' Ha'ap! I myself
will awake airly!'"


SCAPEGOAT

Cousin Willie, aged ten, came for a visit to Johnnie, aged twelve.
Johnnie's mother directed him to take the visitor out to play with his
boy friends in the neighborhood.

"And be sure to have lots of fun," she added.

On the return of the boys, Willie, the guest, appeared somewhat
downcast, but Johnnie was radiant.

"Did you have a good time?" his mother asked.

"Bully!" Johnnie answered.

"And lots of fun?"

"Oh, yes!"

"But Willie doesn't look very happy," Johnnie's mother said doubtfully.

"Well, you see," Johnnie answered, beaming, "the rest of us, we had our
fun with Willie."


SHEEP AND GOATS

The little girl was deeply impressed by the clergyman's sermon as to the
separation of the sheep and the goats. That night after she had gone to
bed, she was heard sobbing, and the mother went to her, to ask what was
the matter.

"It's about the goats!" Jenny confessed at last. "I'm so afraid I am a
goat, and so I'll never go to heaven. Oh, I'm so afraid I'm a goat!"

"My dear," the mother assured her weeping child. "You're a sweet little
lamb. If you were to die to-night, you would go straight to heaven." Her
words were successful in quieting the little girl, and she slept.

But the following night Jenny was found crying again in her bed, and
when her mother appeared she wailed:

"I'm afraid about the goats."

"But mother has told you that you are a little lamb, and that you must
never worry over being a goat."

Jenny, however, was by no means comforted, and continued her sobs.

"Yes, mamma," she declared sadly, "I know that. But I'm afraid--awful
afraid you're a goat!"


SHIFTLESSNESS

The shiftless man, who preferred reading to labor, closed the book on
French history, which he had been perusing with great interest, and
addressed his wife.

"Do you know, Mary," he asked impressively, "what I would have done if I
had been in Napoleon's place?"

"Certainly!" the wife snapped. "You'd have settled right down on a farm
in Corsica, and let it run itself."


SHIPWRECK

The new member of the club listened with solemn interest to the various
stories that were told in the smoking room. They were good stories, and
obviously lies, and each of them was a bigger lie than any that had gone
before. Finally, the company insisted that the new member should relate
a tale. He refused at first, but under pressure yielded, and gave a
vivid account of a shipwreck at sea during one of his voyages. He
described the stress of the terrible situation with such power that his
hearers were deeply impressed. He reached the point in his account where
only the captain and himself and half a dozen others were left aboard
the doomed vessel, after the last of the boats had been lowered.

"And then," he concluded, "a vast wave came hurtling down on us. It was
so huge that it shut out all the sky. It crashed over the already
sinking ship in a torrent of irresistible force. Under that dreadful
blow the laboring vessel sank, and all those left on board of her were
drowned."

The narrator paused and there was a period of tense silence. But
presently someone asked:

"And you--what became of you?"

"Oh, I," was the reply, "why I was drowned with the rest of them."


SLANDER

The business man's wife, who had called at his office, regarded the
pretty young stenographer with a baleful eye.

"You told me that your typewriter was an old maid," she accused.

The husband, at a loss, faltered in his reply, but at last contrived:

"Yes, but she's sick to-day, and sent her grandchild in her place."


SLAVERY

A traveler in the South chatted with an aged negro, whom he met in the
road.

"And I suppose you were once a slave?" he remarked.

"Yes, suh," the old colored man answered.

"And, so, after the war, you gained your freedom," the gentleman
continued.

But the ancient one shook his head sadly.

"No, suh," he declared with great emphasis. "Not perzactly, suh. I
didn't git mah freedom, suh, after de war--I done got married!"


SMELLS

An argument arose among a number of British officers during their time
of service in the Dardanelles, and wagers were made among them. The
question at issue was as to which smells the louder, a goat or a Turk.
The colonel was made arbiter. He sat judicially in his tent, and a goat
was brought in. The colonel fainted. After the officer had been revived,
and was deemed able to continue his duty as referee, a Turk was brought
into the tent. The goat fainted.


SOCIAL UPLIFT

The somewhat unpleasant person, who was a social worker, completed her
call on a dweller in the tenement district, and rose to depart. The
unwilling hostess shook her head at the visitor's promise to come again.

"And excuse me if I don't return the call," she vouchsafed. "Myself,
I've got no time to go slummin'."

              