              *       *       *

The Sunday-school teacher examined his new class.

"Who made the world?" he demanded. Nobody seemed to know. He repeated
the question somewhat sternly. As the silence persisted, he frowned and
spoke with increased severity:

"Children, I must know who made the world!"

Then, at last, a small boy piped up in much agitation:

"Oh, sir, please, sir, it wasn't me!"


SUPERMAN

It is told of Mrs. Gladstone that a number of ladies in her drawing-room
once became engaged in earnest discussion of a difficult problem. It
chanced that at the time the great prime minister was in his study
upstairs. As the argument in the drawing-room became hopelessly
involved, a devout lady of the company took advantage of a lull to say:

"Ah, well, there is One above Who knows it all."

Mrs. Gladstone beamed.

"Yes," she said proudly. "And William will be down directly to tell us
all about it."


SUPERSTITION

The superstitious sporting editor of the paper condemned the "Horse
Fair" by Rosa Bonheur.

"Just look at those white horses!" he exclaimed disgustedly. "And not a
red-headed girl in sight."


SUSPENSE

The passionate lover wrote to his inamorata as follows:

"Adored of my soul:--If you love me, wear a red rose in your corsage
to-night at the opera. If my devotion to you is hopeless, wear a white
rose."

She wore a yellow rose.


SUSPICION

The eminent politicians of opposing parties met on a train, and during
their chat discovered that they agreed concerning primaries.

"It is the first time," said one, "that we have ever agreed on a matter
of public policy."

"That is so," the other assented. "The fact leads me to suspect that I
am wrong, after all in this matter of the primaries."


SYMPATHY

A tramp devised a new scheme for working on the sympathy of the
housewife. After ringing the front door bell, he got on his knees, and
began nibbling at the grass of the lawn. Presently the woman opened the
door, and, in surprise at sight of him on all fours, asked what he was
doing there.

The tramp got to his feet shakily, and made an eloquent clutch at his
stomach as he explained:

"Dear madam, I am so hungry that like Nebuchadnezzar I just had to take
to eatin' grass."

"Well, well, now ain't that too bad!" the woman cried. "You go right
into the back yard--the grass there is longer."


TACT

The senator from Utah was able to disarm by flattery the resentment of a
woman at a reception in Washington, who upbraided him for that plurality
of wives so dear to Mormon precept and practice.

"Alas, madam," the senator declared with a touch of sadness in his
voice, "we are compelled in Utah to marry a number of wives."

His fair antagonist was frankly surprised.

"What do you mean?" she demanded.

The senator explained suavely:

"We have to seek there in several women the splendid qualities that here
are to be found in one."


TALKING MACHINE

Many a man who has suffered from tongue-lashings at home will be moved
to profound sympathy for the victim described as follows in a local news
item of a country paper:

"Alice Jardine, a married woman, was charged with unlawfully wounding
her husband, Charles Jardine, a laborer, by striking him with a pair of
tongues."


TAR AND FEATHERS

The victim of the Klu Klux Klan plucked some feathers from his neck with
one hand, while he picked gingerly at the tar on his legs with the
other.

"The excitement," he murmured, "rose to a terrible pitch, but it soon
came down."


TASTE

A noted humorist once spent a few weeks with a tribe of western Indians.
On his return, he was asked concerning his experiences. One question
was:

"Did you ever taste any dog-feast stew?"

"Yes," was the melancholy reply. "I tasted it twice--once when it went
down, and once when it came up."

              