              *       *       *

The critic, in his review of the burlesque, wrote:

"The ladies of Prince Charming's household troops filled their parts to
perfection."

The compositor, in his haste, read an _n_ for the _r_ in the word
_parts_, and the sentence, thus changed, radically in its significance,
duly appeared in the morning paper.


VALUES

An American girl who married a Bavarian baron enjoyed playing Lady
Bountiful among the tenants on her husband's estate. On the death of the
wife of one of the cottagers, she called to condole with the bereaved
widower. She uttered her formal expressions of sympathy with him in his
grief over the loss of his wife, and she was then much disconcerted by
his terse optimistic comment:

"But it's a good thing, your ladyship, that it wasn't the cow."

Wives are to be had for the asking; cows are not.


VANITY

The fair penitent explained to the confessor how greatly she was grieved
by an accusing conscience. She bewailed the fact that she was sadly
given over to personal vanity. She added that on this very morning she
had gazed into her mirror and had yielded to the temptation of thinking
herself beautiful.

"Is that all, my daughter?" the priest demanded.

"Then, my daughter," the confessor bade her, "go in peace, for to be
mistaken is not to sin."


VICTORY

That celebrated statue, the Winged Victory, has suffered during the
centuries to the extent of losing its head and other less vital parts.
When the Irish tourist was confronted by this battered figure in the
museum, and his guide had explained that this was the famous statue of
victory, he surveyed the marble form with keen interest.

"Victory, is ut?" he said, "Thin, begorra, Oi'd loike to see the other
fellow."


WAR

A report has come from Mexico concerning the doings of three
revolutionary soldiers who visited a ranch, which was the property of an
American spinster and her two nieces. The girls are pretty and
charming, but the aunt is somewhat elderly and much faded, though
evidently of a dauntless spirit. The three soldiers looked over the
property and the three women, and then declared that they were tired of
fighting, and had decided to marry the women and make their home on the
ranch.

The two girls were greatly distressed and terrified, but even in their
misery they were unselfish.

"We are but two helpless women," they said in effect, "and if we must,
we bow to our cruel fate. But please--oh, please--spare our dear auntie.
Do not marry her."

At this point, their old-maid relation spoke up for herself:

"Now, now, you girls--you mind your own business. War is war."

              