SOUR KROUT.


WHEN the territory now composing the State of Ohio was first organized
into a government, and Congressmen about being elected, there were two
candidates, both men of standing and ability, brought out in that
fertile region watered by the beautiful Muskingum.

Mr. Morgan, the one, was a reluctant aspirant for the honor, but he
payed his respects to the people by calling meetings at various points
and addressing them. In one part of the district there was a large and
very intelligent German settlement, and it was generally conceded that
their vote, usually given one way, would be decisive of the contest. To
secure this important interest, Mr. Morgan, in the course of the
campaign, paid this part of the district a visit, and by his
condescension and polite manner, made a most favourable impression on
the entire population--the electors, in fact, all pledging themselves to
cast their votes for him.

Colonel Jackson, the opposing candidate, and ambitious for the office,
hearing of this successful move on the part of his opponent, determined
to counteract it if possible. To this end he started for the
all-important settlement. On introducing himself, and after several
fruitless attempts to dissipate the favourable effects of Mr. Morgan's
visit, he was finally informed by one of the leading men of the precinct
that:

"It ish no good you coming hare, Colonel Shackson, we have all promisht
to vote for our friendt, Meisther Morgans."

"Ah! ha!" says the Colonel: "but did you hear what Mr. Morgan did when
he returned from visiting you?"

"No, vat vas it?"

"Why, he ordered his chamber-maid to bring him some soap and warm water,
that he might wash the sour krout off his hands."

The Colonel left, and in a few days the election coming off, each
candidate made his appearance at the critical German polls.

The votes were then given _viva voce_, and you may readily judge of Mr.
Morgan's astonishment as each lusty Dutchman announced the name of
Colonel Shackson, holding up his hand toward the outwitted candidate,
and indignantly asking:

"Ah! ha! Meisther Morgans, you zee ony zour krout dare?"

It is needless to say that Colonel Shackson took a seat in the next
Congress.


