TIT FOR TAT.


DOBBS was up and doing, April Fool Day. A singular phenomenon was to be
seen in the vicinity of his place of business. Dobbs went home from his
store, the last evening in March, and while taking his tea, remarked to
his wife, that his colored porter had been blessed with an increase in
his family.

"Why," said Mrs. D., "that makes nine!"

"Exactly," said he; "but the singularity about this new comer, is, that
one half of its face is black."

"Dear me!" exclaimed Mrs. D., "that is singular, indeed. How strange!
What can be the cause of such disfigurement?"

"Can't say," replied Dobbs, "but it is a curiosity worth seeing, to say
the least of it."

"So I should think," returned his better half. "I will go down in the
morning, and take such delicacies as the woman needs, and see the child
at the same time."

Dobbs knew she would, so he went out to smoke a cigar, and the subject
was dropped for the evening. Next morning after he went to his store,
the kind-hearted woman made up a basket of nice things, and taking the
servant girl, went down to cheer up the mother, and see the singular
child. When Dobbs came home to dinner, his wife looked surprised. Before
he had time to seat himself, she said:

"Have you seen cousin John? He was here, this morning, to pay you the
money you lent him, and as he could not wait for you, and must leave
town again to-day; I told him you would be at the store, at half-past
two.

"How fortunate!" said he; "I need just that amount to take up a note
to-morrow. Just two, now," said Dobbs, looking at his watch, "I will go
down at once, for fear of missing him."

"Can't you have dinner first?" said his affectionate wife, "you will be
in time."

"No," said he, "I want that money, and would not like to miss him, so I
will go at once."

"By the by," said the lady, "how came you to tell me such a story about
one side of that child's face being white?"

"No, no," said he, as he put on his hat, "you are mistaken. I said one
side was black. You did not ask me about the other side; _that was
black, too_. First of April, my dear, first of April, you know."

Dobbs departed in haste, and did not return again until tea time, and
then he looked disappointed.

"What is the matter, my dear?" said Mrs. D.

"Why, I missed cousin John, and I needed the thousand dollars to take up
a note to-morrow. And every one is so short, I cannot raise it."

"Oh! is that all?" returned she, "then it's all right. Cousin John paid
me the money, and said you could send him a receipt by mail."

"But," asked Dobbs, "why couldn't you tell me so at dinner time, and not
say he would be at the store, to pay me, at half-past two, and so send
me off without my dinner, besides causing me so much anxiety for
nothing?"

"I am sorry you have had so much anxiety and trouble," returned his
wife; "but you are mistaken in supposing I told you he would be at the
store, at that time. I said I told him _you_ would be there, at
half-past two, and knowing you were in want of that money, I knew you
would not fail. _First of April, my dear, first of April, you know!_"

Dobbs caved in; he acknowledged the corn, and Mr. and Mrs. Dobbs enjoyed
a pleasant supper.


