WEBSTER MATCHED BY A WOMAN.


IN the somewhat famous case of Mrs. Bogden's will, which was tried in
the Supreme Court some years ago, Mr. Webster appeared as counselor for
the appellant. Mrs. Greenough, wife of Rev. William Greenough, late of
West Newton, a tall, straight, queenly-looking woman with a keen black
eye--a woman of great self-possession and decision of character, was
called to the stand as a witness on the opposite side from Mr. Webster.
Webster, at a glance, had the sagacity to foresee that her testimony, if
it contained anything of importance, would have great weight with the
court and jury. He therefore resolved, if possible, to break her up. And
when she answered to the first question put to her, "I believe--"
Webster roared out:

"We don't want to hear what you believe; we want to hear what you know!"

Mrs. Greenough replied, "That is just what I was about to say, Sir," and
went on with her testimony.

And notwithstanding his repeated efforts to disconcert her, she pursued
the even tenor of her way, until Webster, becoming quite fearful of the
result, arose apparently in great agitation, and drawing out his large
snuff-box thrust his thumb and finger to the very bottom, and carrying
the deep pinch to both nostrils, drew it up with a gusto; and then
extracting from his pocket a very large handkerchief, which flowed to
his feet as he brought it to the front, he blew his nose with a report
that rang distinct and loud through the crowded hall.

_Webster:_ Mrs. Greenough, was Mrs. Bogden a neat woman?

_Mrs. Greenough:_ I cannot give you very full information as to that,
Sir; she had one very dirty trick.

_Webster:_ What was that, Ma'am?

_Mrs. Greenough:_ She took snuff!

The roar of the court-house was such that the future defender of the
Constitution subsided, and neither rose nor spoke again until after Mrs.
Greenough had vacated her chair for another witness--having ample time
to reflect upon the inglorious history of the man who had a stone thrown
on his head by a woman.


